Hello friend.
What do you think of me?
What about the joint projects we're investing in?
I suddenly found out that the investment company had a little problem.
Find someone to investigate.
Someone wants to harm our king.
So I used the money I invested to take care of them.
Earned little.
Small diamonds are only 50%.
Small diamonds, of course.
How to tell half not to talk anymore
No, it's just fun and speechless. I'll find you again next time there is such a good thing as making money.
I want to thank you all.
Sir, this 45 billion.
The old man said he didn't need to enter an account.
Let us work freely.
The investment department's intention is to buy the most prestigious store in Suzhou City.
I don't know what you mean.
Yes, it's up to you.
How is love?
I don't care.
Then I'll step back first.
Master of God's Character Class
A truck came through his door, and he had to get up there to try it.
He didn't tickle me this time.
Hell is empty.
The Dragon King in the human world.
Wow.
What's going on, boss?
Has anything dirty happened in our house recently?
My family's health is getting worse.
Others say it's a feng shui problem.
But I'm lame.
Someone else is building our house.
Don't sell me.
Can you help me with a woman?
Request task is about to open
But please find the hero.
Success, get a reward.
If it fails
Just saw me kill him.
I know that.
The Coach
Ah.